in 5 months of continuous bombing Israel
has destroyed nearly all of gaza's
Higher Education System 12 of 19
universities completely destroyed 95
professors and PhD holders 231 teachers
and administrators all killed of the
88,000 college students those Left Alive
won't have anywhere to go back to school
Palestinians describe witnessing a
parallel and systematic war on Ed
education designed to wipe out gaza's
schools and universities when you have a
live broadcast of the destruction of a
complete University that has one meaning
that you don't want the university to be
there the size of the destruction uh
that we see today in higher education
institutions is really something that is
unprecedented in the West Bank Israel's
Crackdown is less violent but still abs
destructive Al's University usually
teaming with people all but empty now
most students told to stay home to keep
them safe from the dangers and
indignities of checkpoints and
roadblocks young adults increasingly
profiled and targeted by Israeli troops
and settlers since the War
Began every corner of the university has
meaning to me and memories but now I
feel that it's just bricks and walls
empty meaningless since October 7th B
university has seen multiple military
raids dozens of students rounded up most
without
charge obvious attempts administrators
and students say to silence peaceful
protest at a century old institution
with a history of fighting for Freedom
globally campuses and activism go hand
in hand and B University here in ramala
is no different this is exactly the kind
of thing that Israel is trying to
stop a place where young Palestinians
are encouraged to think evolve and grow
a threat to the status
quo it is an attempt to annihilate the
Palestinian influence on the academic
word there's more that Palestine can
give there have even been cyber attacks
since the War Began targeting the
University's Network and servers this is
a serious threat and we should not
underestimate it one of the uh human
capital Palestinians have is education
and this is really a a main pillar in
our culture and our resistance and our
education how we how we are raised you
know education is the most important
thing Israel's motives are clear raid
campuses suppress students Crush hopes
for a better future by trying to deplete
palestine's greatest resource its
people Zay basravi Al jazer the occupied
West Bank